A shameful thing for the church in public
Apologize to Mr. Xu immediately
Do you need to clean up?
I stop
What are you doing here?
Oops President Qian
I didn't expect to meet you here
Thank you for your help last time.
Hahaha, help!
What help?
Oh, dear.
Just last time you forgot I had a relative who didn't live up to expectations
Offended the in-laws
He was arrested by his in-laws.
I'll call you for help before I get back safely
Hurry up and apologize to President Qian
Hahaha fart?
I'm free
Offend the Qin family for your broken relative
Am I not a fucking fool?
I'm talking nonsense
Could it be that Shen Long came back by himself last time?
It has nothing to do with me.
Impossible, he is not qualified at all
Hey, my work time is coming soon.
Stop the ink, please.
Isn't the neutral group inside?
Who did it?
Let's go in and try it and we'll know
Okay, come with me and I'll take you in
Oops, but this place is heavily guarded
disheveled
Can't get in
Are you staying here?
I am destined to be the bright moon in the sky
And you are the dust on the ground
You and I are doomed
We are not the same kind of people